---
navigation:
  title: 'Home'
---

::hero
Data enables [science]{.text-orange-600}.  
We enable [data]{.text-orange-600}.

#description
We are the digital infrastructure for a new generation of life science companies.

:::div{.flex.gap-4}
:btn{label="Get in touch" href="mailto:info+website@unitelabs.ch"}
:btn{label="Learn more"}
:::
::

::div{.container.my-16}
::::content
## Connect and automate your lab - at any scale

Use our integration platform to connect laboratory hard- & software, build applications, control instruments, and automate your data flow. Build upon a scalable and sustainable architecture to give your lab superpowers.
::::
::

::div{.container.my-16.flex.text-center}
::::content{.w-1/2.px-8}
### Integration Layer

Standardised connectivity of any type of instrument, robot, or software
::::

::::content{.w-1/2.px-8}
### Full Control

Go beyond data extraction with access to the full device functionality in real-time
::::

::::content{.w-1/2.px-8}
### All Access

All systems connected to the Integration Layer become a resource in a uniform API
::::
::

::div{.container.my-16.flex.text-center}
::::content{.w-1/2.px-8}
### Digital Ecosystem

Access our API from within other software, such as ELN, LES, and LIMS
::::

::::content{.w-1/2.px-8}
### Your Path

Build your own logic using our libraries without worrying about infrastructure
::::

::::content{.w-1/2.px-8}
### Limitless Connectivity

Our edge technology makes networking issues a thing of the past
::::
::

::div{.container.my-16}
::::content
## The agile laboratory

Every lab is different and processes change. In the end, this leaves many manual steps, incomplete data, and missed potential.

- *What if* &nbsp;adapting the tools to the new process was something you could do yourself and in minutes?

- *What if* &nbsp;you could gather instrument data, build visualisations and automate physical processes with a single source of truth?

- *What if* &nbsp;you could prototype a new automated step, tweak it, and finally scale it up into a long-running application from the same platform?

- *What if* &nbsp;you could get all your device data digitised, automated, and stored securely?

- *What if* &nbsp;your lab was truly modular, agile, and digital?

Say goodbye to unsustainable and say hello to the agile lab!
::::
::

::Slides
::::Slide
---
id: device-data
icon: link
---
::content
### Device data extraction

Use UniteLabs to connect to every device, sensor, software, or robot in your lab. Upload all results, collect constant streams of sensor data, or automate processes to databases and existing applications.
::
::::
::::Slide
---
id: modular-lab
icon: chip
---
::content
### Modular Laboratory

Did you find a LIMS that really meets your needs? Build your own laboratory information management with a combination of ideal solutions and your own tools. Adapt to changing requirements and processes as you grow.
::
::::
::::Slide
---
id: long-running-apps
icon: diagram-project
---
::content
### Long-running applications

Set up permanent workflows that act as services in your lab. Enrich your work with unit conversions, data provisioning, machine learning, and more.
::
::::
::::Slide
---
id: prototyping
icon: shoe-prints
---
::content
### Rapid prototyping

Test your ideas faster. Automate quicker. Without worrying about the infrastructure, your lab is becoming more digital and more automated, quicker.
::
::::
::::Slide
---
id: closed-loop
icon: chart-mixed
---
::content
### Closed-loop automation

Integrate all relevant systems, like your LIMS, devices, and databases to create closed-loop systems. Full control over all controls and data flows enables you to adapt the system to your needs. 
::
::::
::::Slide
---
id: cloud
icon: cloud
---
::content
### Superpower existing apps

Tools in the lab environment suffer from incomplete data, missing device access, and overall difficult connectivity. Change that and give you lab superpowers!
::
::::
::
